Well, what's up family?  How are we?
Well, the internet is incredible, the
internet is incredible.  I have to
start this video by commenting on this
because it freaks me out, it freaks me out.  Yesterday I
uploaded a video on this channel, on the
main channel, to defend freedom of
expression.  You already know that I always
defend freedom of expression,
freedom of opinion, as long as it is
within a legal framework, of course.
Well, because I had this freedom of
expression and a different opinion from
the mob, the mob burned me.  The crowd in
the comments box has come
down on me because I disagree with some
points, okay?  I mean, go watch the
video because it's a lot of material.  So, what's
up, my kids?  What's happening?  How
are we?  Today I bring you
another movie video, okay?  I'm going to the
movies, just as I finished recording this
video.  I'm going to the cinema to see the
Minecraft movie.  Yes, to take a nap.
Well, well, I don't know, I don't know.  We'll see.
I'll let you know, okay?
But hey, this video is going to be a movie.  You already
know that I recently
commented on a video, so as not to get
into context, here it is,
about the current situation of SS
Connection, the
mortgage issue, basically
fixed-term mortgages.  Well, it turns out
we've changed a little bit, right? The whole
thing and the situation
today, at the moment I'm
recording this video, could
change tomorrow, well, it's changed quite a bit, and
they've gone from being completely
finished.  And in fact, there's an article on the
internet that talks about these two
people killing each other live,
meaning we're watching them
killing each other live on stream.  Well, it turns out we
suddenly find ourselves in a
situation where donations have
increased, donations to their channel have
increased, viewers have increased, and they're
riding around Madrid in limousines.  That?
How did you feel?  Well, that's how
it is.  You know, the Internet is
this wonder that suddenly does
n't know what you're going to wake up to
in the morning.  That's why I almost never have anything
planned and I never have a [ __ ]
clue what I'm going to record
next week because we base it on
current events.  Who would have told us, since the
last video we uploaded on this topic,
that the situation would change
so drastically?  And I'm glad that
this couple has gone from spending days
without showering and completely drugged to
walking around Madrid in luxury,
completely drugged too, that
hasn't changed.  And it seems that they are being
called for various
internet programs and for some interviews.
This time, so far, it's been
Zona Gemelos and Mr. Tartaria,
who invited them to this show they
do on YouTube and KCK, if I'm not
mistaken.  Well, a few months ago I was
interviewed by Zona Gemelo, who I
get along well with, and it was on Kick.
I think this program is recorded or
broadcast on Kick and then uploaded to
YouTube, or it is recorded directly and then
uploaded to YouTube.
But well, it's causing a lot of stir
because the truth is that the characters they
invite don't go
unnoticed.  It's a kind of
old Martian Chronicles, I don't know
if you remember, the very famous
Martian Chronicles program, but not the
whole thing, that is, just the
geek section, geeks looking for and incordial,
the session with Javier Cárdenas.  On this
show, they usually invite people who are
memes, let's say, right?  People like them.  You
already know that I don't usually watch many
YouTube programs, but not for nothing.
Unless I'm going to cover them or
talk about them, I don't have any more
time to enjoy YouTube as a
hobby.  But it's true that I've
seen a lot of clips on
social media, especially on Twitter, where I
've seen that they've just been posted,
apart from the already legendary characters
who join the twins.
Remember that in Rewine they appeared
here with Mae, they are usually with
Churumbell, also with Scorpion,
but they have also incorporated
characters from Crónicas Marciana itself into the team
, precisely such as Arami
Futter, Paco Porra and now
those from SS Connection are joining.
Say hello, Silvia, dear.  Hey, we're in
the love car.  We are in the
love car.  In the limo of love.  We
got a limo for us and me.
And nothing, listen to the engine.  Listen to the
engine.  I haven't eaten any sandwiches.
Come on, guys.  I've been clean for almost a week
.  You're driving a Lambo, aren't you?  We're driving a
super cool BMW, people.  An X8 of that,
an X8 or an X9, I don't know.  I don't forget
my little children, do I?  So, guys,
the ravine plan is canceled for tomorrow
.  If you want it has to be
tonight.  It's €1000 a canyon, people.  I
can drop it off for 900, but the taxi
costs me 200. Then 200 for me and 500
for Silvia.  900 people.  Put it on that he's been
clean for a week.
Simon, allow me to doubt that you are
referring to the subject of drugs.  You
know that when someone says they've been
clean for a few days, a week clean, a
month clean, they mean they haven't been drinking.  But
I think Simon means that he
showered a week ago and therefore
considers himself clean, and that he doesn't
need to shower again.  What doubt is the
life of a junkie, man?  Because the truth
is that halfway through, before
arriving at Plató, Simón couldn't stand
the withdrawal and had to find
someone in Madrid to take him
to buy some sandwiches.  And when
we talk about a sandwich, talking about Simón, you
already know that I'm not referring to a
chope sandwich or a ham sandwich
.  You have to do this by recording
smoke and going into the air.   You
all know, those of you who follow my channel,
that we have been discussing
the case of Daniel Sancho in depth.  And
you know that when we refer to
the purchases Daniel Sancho made before
picking up Edwin Arrieta and taking him to
that bungalow, that shopping list that
included a lot of knives—a
variety, right?—and a lot of
cleaning products, I always give
that list a name: the
murder kit.  Well, I'll tell you what
Simon stopped by to buy along the way,
and you can name
this kit.  Aluminum, spoon,
baking soda and a bottle.  Oh, okay.
These are not.  No, no, they are not.  No,
sorry, eh.  You have baking soda, does that
sound familiar?  It's Coca-Cola.  Baking soda, does it
ring a bell if you have it?
Here.
Okay.  Baking soda.  Let's see,
silver foil.  And silver foil.
Aluminum foil, you know?  Made of silver paper.
Where is?  Sorry.  over there in the background.
Okay, I don't know if what they're going to
bring me is good enough to
cook, but hey, if it can be cooked, it can be
cooked, people.  Yeah, I need you to
get me a soup spoon, man.  Here
you have spoons here.  Good.  Yes, let go.
Yes. Where are the spoons?  No,
big iron.  This hallway.  Let's see, I have a
sandwich right there, you know?  I can do
half through my nose and one while smoking, people.
Look, here it is.  There are three just in
case.  No, but don't put the P. Look at this
too.  Survival Kid.  That's it,
people, man.  Survival kit
wasn't exactly the name I
was thinking of.  Simon.  Well, but
you'll all agree with me that it's
discreet, right?  Very discreet.
There are a lot of people criticizing the
twins' show team for
stopping to do these purchases, right?  For
taking him to make this purchase.
But honestly, as this man
is, I think that
abstinence is almost worse.  Although I
also tell you that they could hold it in,
although at least they
don't have the desire to get high, but they do have the desire
to pee.  And suddenly, Simon
gets the urge to do it and goes out and does it in a
tree at the door of the supermarket
where he's shopping.  I'm going to pee here on
a tree, rock.  I'm going to pee on a
tree.  I'm a bit of a punk when it comes to
peeing.  I pee anywhere.  Oh, how good,
how
good.  Oh.
How good, how good.
[Music]
No, he brings it to me on the set.  I'm worried about it
on the set, people.  And no, we're not
in a Mara stream.  Are you
coming to pee with me?  Maybe not just
pee, huh?  He already said it.  Let's go
pee.  And Simón has gotten confused and
believes that instead of a
normal neighborhood at 7 in the evening, he
is in the manger of Bethlehem.  I love it
because you can see that everyone knows their
stuff, so don't get me involved in
gossip.  Well, Simon analyzes, as if he were
a scientist, how to
verify the drug they are going to bring him
to know if it is good or bad, since
apparently, which by the way, made me
laugh a lot because in the
previous video, in the comments box,
there were a lot of people correcting me with
some mistakes I made regarding
information about drugs.  listen to me, I'm
not worried about being wrong about that
and having in-depth knowledge
about, I think you'll see, whether a drug
was good, bad, or about whether or how it was
made, I think it was, right?  But anyway,
the thing is, apparently that's the
problem here, right?  Simón's concern
for when that drug arrives is that if
they bring it to him and it's very bad or
cut, then he won't be able to
convert it into cocaine and he'll have no choice
but to sniff it.  I don't have to go
looking for her.  My doubt is whether it will be good for
cooking or not, unless it is a bed or something
good.  A very young boy brings it to me
and I don't know what he's going to
bring.  I don't know.  I'll try cooking three
microns and see if anything comes out.  And if not,
then by the nose, gang.  For one day
nothing happens.  For one day nothing happens.  For
one day, you
bastard, you have a hole between
one nasal tunnel and the other.  That is,
you have a hole in your septum from all the
coke you've taken, that the septum
is about to disappear and your
entire nose becomes a tunnel,
a single tunnel and not two.  Of course,
Simon will say, "Well, why the hell do
I want two tunnels? No, why do I want
the left hemisphere and the
right hemisphere, when I can get air more
easily through one big one."  Look at it, there
's the hole, you can see it there.  It's
that piece, look, look.  It's where the
light passes through.  Do you see on the other side?  That
red piece.  That's the hole.  I love it
because Simon thinks of his nose as
that time you bought an apartment and it
had two small bedrooms.  And what you
do is call some builders
and they knock down a partition to enlarge the
room, well, this guy did the same thing
with his nose, didn't he?  In this video we are going to
see how to demolish a partition wall.  And well,
just as this drug arrived, Simón
's worst fears were confirmed
.  His concern became
a reality and they brought him a
rather bad drug.  No, bubbling, I've
tried it and it didn't work.  I
bought everything, the spoon, the
baking soda, everything and I cooked it for 0.3 and it
disappeared.  Nothing has appeared.
So it's fake coke, people.  And I
made three steaks from one sandwich and that's it
.  Three steaks and two snow-covered ones.
But it's not good, is it?  A kid told me
that he doesn't take just one
cigarette.
And this man is not afraid of anything.
And it is that nothing else.  But Simon
does things well.  It's not
very good to do drugs, but hey, if you
do it, you do it right.  And according to him, the drug dealer he
has in Barcelona is the same one who
got the merchandise for artists such as
Lola Flores.  By Lola Flores.
Sandwich in the neighborhood.  No, because
this thing happens to me: sandwiches are no good for
smoking, people.
In the same church of the ravine.  I don't
need to go that far in.  The church
is very deep inside.  I'm going to a point that
is much further out, just as I enter.
That way you don't have to get into trouble.
The guy I used to like before, man,
now lives in Barcelona, ​​man.  He caught
one who was selling to Lora Flores, you
know?  To the manager of Lora Flores.  Come
on, Simon, what the hell are you saying without
having taken the bad drugs yet?
Lola Flores died on May 16, 1995,
30 years ago.  Are you telling me you
caught a guy selling drugs
live for at least 40 years?  Yes, say hello.
Hi guys.  Oh, how many people do you have
here writing?  700 and something now.  And
do you know where you've gone?  Yes of course.
Do you know what's going to happen here now on
this stage?  They're all speculating
there, man.  Don't speculate because if
you speculate, look.  Ha ha ha.  Who do you think
is here with you today?  You have no
idea.  He has no idea.  They tell me to
mess things up, I don't know what, what's up, but oh
well.  Well, notice that the phone today is
not called red, it is called Dark.  Dark.
Woof, woof, woof.  Look, the public is coming in,
people.  Look, the
public comes in, more than one and a half
of those come in or less than one and a half.  The truth
is, I've told you before that I don't usually
watch programs on YouTube, much less ones that
are so long, but it's because I don't have
time, but I assure you that I'm
looking forward to this one being broadcast because I have no
doubt that there won't be any room for
missing a single minute of the program.  That
is, they are going to put this guy together with the
kid.  I hope they challenge him to
try to hit the
Shurumbell, for example, or maybe they
pit him against the Scorpion, because I
heard somewhere that the Scorpion
has a thing for him.  And on top of that, as I was
telling you at the beginning of the video, it's
said that this won't be the last
intervention in which we see the
vigilante junkies.  It is in Macedonia.
The
righteous junkies.  The what?  What did he just
call them?  The Yisiciers are in Macedonia
.  You just called them yok
junkies.  You just called them
drug addicts.
Holy crap, I just freaked out.  Don't
worry, pig, they're the ones who
just freaked out with the huge
amount of basuco they're eating.
And it seems we'll also see them soon
in an interview,
the name of which hasn't been revealed, but
apparently they've been invited to a podcast
or an online interview, apparently, I
think they're referring to a video call,
by a YouTuber of the caliber of Gref,
Willy Rex and these people, that is, a
very famous YouTuber.  Delox is ruled out.
Delos refused to interview him because they
weren't going to talk about Dallas and they claim that he is
a more famous YouTuber than Tiparraco,
but not as much as Auron Play, but
almost.  I just don't understand anything.  The
recording is as noticeable as it is noticeable, man.
When you eat sandwiches, it really shows
, man.  Who was eating sandwiches and
who wasn't?  The twins.  Well, the twin
that there was one was nice, people.
Super, kid.  Sympathetic.  You haven't said
how much we've been paid, Peña.  I wish they
'd paid us 1000, you know?  1000 is a
lot, Peña.  1000 is a lot.
Next week we have an interview
with a YouTuber, and it's free, folks, but
he's a very famous YouTuber.  When
we told them, they freaked out.  They
said, "Wow, you're going to get a
boost between the show and the
YouTuber."  The move is for Claro, like
a celebrity.  Well, very famous, Peña, not as famous
as Aon Play, but almost more so than
Tiparraco, I think.  Yes, more famous
than Tiparraco.  Peña, it's going to be our
record for the most interviews less than Jordi
Wild, people.  Between Tiparraco and Jordi
Wild.  I wish I were Jordi Wild.  That Jordi
Wild Mly Orlock.  No, bigger,
people, bigger, much bigger.
Deluxe in Andorra, right?  The interview is
online, guys.  God, he's better than a
jerk.  Delx is no better than, I mean,
he's no more of a YouTuber than a guy.  He's a
YouTube streamer, I think.  More of a
streamer than a YouTuber, but he has a
YouTube channel.  He does both like all the
greats.  From Greev, well similar to Willy
Rex from Greev of this Palo.  Peña, yes,
Gref is very big.  Ah, well,
I don't control it, Kari, sorry.  No,
we're saying they're a little
bigger than Tibargo in terms of
follower numbers.  By number of
followers.  Total.  I've been talking about numbers today, I
don't know what you think, I think he
could be referring to Gren Hair,
Nilogeda, maybe Wescol, right?  I mean,
they're talking about it being a
video call, so it could be
anyone from anywhere in the
world.  Put your bets in the comments box
, but well, the truth
is I don't know.  Jordi Wild is ruled out.
So, Jordi, after
having brought in Juan Ramón Rayo,
Roberto Vaquero, or Arturo
Pérez Reverte himself, you're not going to be tempted to bring in
these investment experts, given the
teachings they could provide and how much we have to
learn from them.  Hey,
hey, how much fits in the spoon?  Three
microns or four.  There's also
been a lot of drama brewing in the last few hours over
a viral video in which
Silvia can be heard saying something, right?  Or
what it might be like to inhale hard.  How
beautiful love is.
How beautiful love is, people.
Ah, how nice.  No, our secretaries.
Well, mods help me, people.
Mods help me.  Do you want it?  Fat.
Put us in touch with the one who puts the
300.
[Music]
Okay, let's see, and the thing is that when people have made
this clip viral it's because of what we
hear in the background, but Silvia insists
on trying to convince us that she's not
involved in anything.  And if they offer you drugs,
just dinoso.  Jordi Wild read
a podcast with you well.  Yes, people, that
would be nice, but he hasn't gotten
into anything heavy.  Man, everyone is so annoying.
What I got into was garbage.  If
Simon keeps saying things, what the
hell would have to happen
for Simon to be degrading
himself and not saying that I am too?
Why if I were doing it?  It's
unfair that you hear things,
nothing happens.  Many times one does this, but
that doesn't mean that one has taken a
line.  I've heard it too and I
've often said, "[ __ ], it's true
that this clip. I understand why someone
might think that, but it's not true.
I was with her and she hadn't done
anything."  Well, when someone drinks, it shows in their
attitude and behavior, there's no
doubt, there's no such thing as, "Oh, I don't know,
that's weird."  For years, people have been
telling me that even though I was blind, I don't know
what, and I say to them, "What, no?"  And now all of a
sudden I've said to you, "Now, [ __ ],
tell me you can't tell the difference
when Simón has eaten a sandwich or not,
people, you can tell the difference that's
[ __ ] amazing. Eyes are like that, you know? Car
like saucers, owl eyes, you know? There's no
doubt. So if he did get involved, there
would be no doubt. Jordi White, invite me to the
podcast. Hello, maestro. Blessings to
everyone, guys. Let's see, the argument to
try to convince us that what
we heard wasn't nifar, point
number one, was that it wasn't what it
seemed, that what we were hearing
was Silvia breathing very hard,
breathing very hard and that when a
person gets involved it's very noticeable on their
face, it's very noticeable on their face,
that there's no room for doubt, well I have
my doubts, Simón. I mean,
after seeing how your house is, well,
allow me to have my doubts that what
was heard in the background is
precisely the vacuum cleaner  that you were
there dusting. And on top of that, Silvia
supports this lie by saying that if she had
gotten into something, Simón would have already
said so.  Silvia, you tell me you're not here,
huh?  You tell me you're not here.  Ah, how nice.   It is
not set.  I Ah, [ __ ], no.
Look, it's already removed.  It goes with a little bit of
That's good, man.  Look, look.  Wow, there are
six rolls left.
Wow, it's almost all broken, man.
Silvia has the people in the SS Connection chat
very angry. That chat
completely supports Simón, calling him the
master, while they call her
the [ __ ], the son of a [ __ ], who spends
all of Simón's drug money on
her own.  And Silvia fails to
win over SS
Connection fans.  On the one hand, I also think that
the fact that he
sometimes leaves Simon alone
when Simon is clearly in danger is adding to the mix.   It has been
mentioned on occasion that
Simón has had to resort to weapons
to ensure his safety, and he's
probably already starting to receive
visits from people to whom he owes money.
Nothing, yesterday these guys were supposedly coming to
look for me and I went to get a gun from a
friend Peñado.  I went to ask
a friend for a gun just in case, you know?
Silvia has left Simón alone during some tantrums
, despite
warnings of a possible
suicide attempt.  Precisely on the night I
uploaded that video the other day here
on the main channel in which I gave you
all the context, the couple had a
huge fight.  She returned to her
mother's house and Simón, accepting a
challenge in which he was given €50 in
donations, began throwing
Silvia's makeup off the balcony.
Look, these are the
makeup things, okay?  We have several
objects here, okay?  What have you removed?
Look, man, you can't see this.  Okay.  Look at the
makeup, people.  I throw them,
eh?  You see?  The mirror has already been heard.  The
mirror is the bad part, people.  It has to end up
in the
trash.  There it
is.  You see, if there's a challenge, I'll meet it
, guys.  Ok, if there is a real boom it is
done.  And if Simón has one thing going for him, it's that he keeps his
promises to his followers, and if he
promises to do something in exchange for a
challenge, if they give him that money, he fulfills the
challenge.  I think the ones who aren't so happy
are the neighbors.  And I
have my doubts that he has met
the challenge of paying the community.  And not
content with that.  I don't know how upset
the neighbors are when this man
starts throwing
kilos and kilos of marijuana buds off the balcony.
Look, look.  Wow, the ground is all green
, man.  What a mirror I'll probably
run down to retrieve later so I
can tip it over.  And well, one detail that you
've probably noticed by
now is that they're
broadcasting from their cell phones and in the
dark.  Hey, it seems their
power has been cut off for not paying.  Things are getting more and
more tense at
Simón and Silvia's house.  Simón claims to
have pulled a Ricky Eddie and, after
searching Silvia's phone,
found evidence of
infidelity.   He's
already told Syria not to leave me alone
these days, that it's important that she
be with me all the time this week, that she not
go to her mother's house, that she not have
sex, that she sleeps at her mother's house, so
nothing,
[ __ ] me, I know, guys, I
know.  Besides, I think I've caught
something out, well, I'm not going to say what, but
possible evidence of infidelity.  I
have to check it, but I saw a
movement on his cell phone that I'm going to
ask him to explain to me today.  Let's see, let's see
what the hell that is.  I'm not going to give details,
people, but I'm very worried.  Well,
what do you want me to tell you, Simon?  But
whatever it is, I wouldn't worry about it.
Look, it's true that Silvia could
have many suitors, she could have
probably met many of them
at Juanico Banana's interview casting
, but for the moment I'd be
calm.  Although it is true that
disappearances from home and
sleeping over at his mother's house can be
worrying.  Yes, Simon, stop
searching your girlfriend's phone and
admitting it to your thousands of
followers.  And the last YouTuber to
publicly admit this, aside
from fabricating a rape, Ricky Edit, is
currently facing charges
in a case because his ex has
accused him of gender-based violence, and he is
currently facing charges
awaiting trial.  So stay still, you
don't want any more trouble.
Likewise, despite all these
adversities, Simon, even though he doesn't have electricity
in his house, feels like a winner and
lives the way he wants.  This morning I
told you that I would do whatever it took because I was
very hungry.  I'm here with 300
friends without work.  I get up
whenever I feel like it.  Yesterday I
wanted to stay in bed all day, so I
did.  I stream whenever I
want.  People give me money, they pay for my
food.  This life is perfect.  I almost
prefer it to the one before Vidal.  I used to
have more prestige, but now I have a
better time.  I am a winner, I believe.
Yes, I think I am a little bit of a winner
.  Oh
well.  Ah, surely all of
you who are of my age remember an episode
that there was?  It was an episode that we
would all swear we had experienced, right?  It was an
episode we all knew about, but when it came
to searching for newspaper archives,
no one could find it because it didn't
exist.  I'm telling you about the anecdote for the
program Surprise by Surprise about a
dog, a jar of Nutella or jam on
some occasions, and Ricky Martin stuck
in a closet.  I loved it, it was one of
my favorite shows.  Ricky Martin
gave one of a surprise.  Yes. Where
are those images?  That closet, that
Ricky Martin, that jam.
There are still people who keep talking about it as
if it happened.  Well no, it wasn't an
urban legend.  It turns out that it happened,
that it happened at Simon's house.  Sometimes you
spend time with Silvia at home, with her by your
side watching your feet.  I say, "Silvia,
give me a little foot, you know what you
mean."  He takes out his character, I
grab his foot with one hand, I look at it and
with the other hand I do the japa, he has given me a
hand.  I do it almost every day.  I
tried to [ __ ] a dog once, a
[ __ ], but a dog, a [ __ ]
tried it once and wouldn't let me, man.  And
the truth is, I'm amazed at
Simón's balls. I mean, he
tried to rape a dog and
admits it on stream.  Last night, Silvia
returned home and at first, everything was
taken as good news, everything was
happiness.  In fact,
they even got a deal with the
electricity company where paying half would
give them 7 more days of electricity and
then during those 7 days they had to pay the
other half, but the happiness didn't last
long.  We've negotiated, we've negotiated
with the company that if we pay, I
've got it, I've got it, fine.  If we pay
half the electricity bill, with what we've already
earned, they'll reconnect us for another 7 days, and we
have 7 days to pay the other half,
people.  And it can be done, it can be done.  We have
negotiated, we have negotiated.  So, let's
turn off the light now.  We still have
80 left, huh?  the light.  But hey, if she's already
sick, guys, leave her alone.  I
farm for both of us, you know that.  Come
here and run errands
and Uh, my little one, no, my chubby one.
What a crappy plan, man, I'll cut you
all.  The lights are off.  Well,
monopoly there.  Oh, my chubby one, my little
tummy.  Yes, it hurts me
that there is no microwave challenge.  I don't throw
things off the balcony anymore.  My mother
told me off and the police told me not to
do it, people.  No, no, €300 is a
lot, people.  50 for a Bogota and 250 for
household expenses as a minimum.  And they've had a
fight because Silvia doesn't
want Simón to make the sandwiches
while she's already at home and Simón
had promised his chat that he
was going to invest some donations in a
basque and you know that Simón is a man
of his word and doesn't like to fail her.
Simon, look how we are living.
Please, let him make a fool of himself, for God's sake, he's
not.  Hey, come on, man.  A trip
like the one you always give me,
then I don't go.  They pay us 1000 bucks,
so you know.  Oh, okay.  Now,
okay, well, you're in charge of
returning all this money to
everyone.  Yes, it's four duros, compare it to
tomorrow.  Yes, yes.  Okay, fine,
I'm not in charge, kid.  No, man, no, they
sent it to me through Revolut, through
PayPal, through I don't know what.  It's a hassle to
know who each one has been now, to
give it all back.  No, no, it's not that
easy.  You don't have to take charge if you want, the
remaining battery gives you time.  I've already
explained it to you, you pay back the
money, you come here and explain it.  I
don't want to.  I think it is
perfectly compatible.  It's not a super party, it's just
a sandwich and that's it.  And what am I going to do
without a battery?  Which camel do I call?  What do
I do to get more?  It's impossible.
Until tomorrow, be there fresh and well
all afternoon and all hour, right?  Okay,
no problem then.  Don't go, Kari,
really.  I'll be done in half an hour.  There is
one hour of battery life left.  Right,
darling?  We say you're leaving, but don't
leave, you stay here in the room.
Damn, it's so important, don't
do it.  Hey, now they've given me the
money, I have to give it back to 20
people that I don't even know. I mean, well,
Kari, it's a sandwich, man, it's an
hour, that's it, an hour.  It's true, it
's never an hour.  Yes, Silvia, there is no
battery, so I won't be able to manage it later
.  Never trust a little, man.
Hey, okay, look how we're
living.  Please stop making a
fool of yourself, for
God's sake.  A trip like the one you always give me
, then I don't go.  They
pay us 1000 bucks, so you know.
Oh, okay.  And now, okay,
you're in charge of returning all this money
to everyone.  Yes, it's four duros
compar.  Yes, yes.  Okay, fine, there you
go.  Now the money please.  No, the
money.  Make sure with the people in the chat
and everything.  Manage it, it's not that easy.   They
must have sent it to you somehow.
Yes, yes, but I don't know who sent
for sandwiches, who sent for
dinner, who sent for the light.  Don't
know.  I don't know how much I have to
give back and how much.  No, it's not that
easy.  They'll give you the bzum.  Let's
do it together.  That I don't want to
do it.  You do it.  Yeah, okay.  You already
look like a little boy.  And you look like
a little girl.  Because you can't
stay home for an hour while I'm
at the other end of the hour in a house
where there are drugs.  I don't feel like it.  I
know.  A drug you've never tried in your
life, that you don't like, and that disgusts you.
What do you care?  No, no.  That's why you
get €150 if you don't agree.
You manage.  I want to
relax tomorrow and be able to earn the money tomorrow.
We're just going to take it easy.  The one who
is creating bad vibes and conflict as
always is you.  And I understand
Simon perfectly.  It happens to me every
quarterly and every year with my
income tax return.  It's very
complicated to have to give people back
money that you've earned.  Now
you figure out who donated your
sandwich, who donated your
electricity, and who donated your food.   The
same thing happens to me,
Simon.  I suddenly start paying back
the state and then I find out
that there are people who are
spending it on prostitutes.  But you
wouldn't rather earn 150 more bucks.  I
prefer to have a normal day tomorrow.
You'll have a normal day, right?  Yes, Silvia.
Yes of course.  How am I going to
charge my phone at night when I can't
?  No, Silvia, I'm not going to do it.  And
if you stay here, I'll give you my phone in an hour
and go to bed, man, it
's not that difficult.  Okay, so nothing.
Saía, why?  For money.  Because you haven't
done anything, you haven't streamed all
day.  I've been streaming for 15 hours.  Today
I got 300 € You could do something.
At least don't put obstacles in the way, get
Madrid sorted out now, go to
bed while you wait for me in an
hour.  In an hour you set an
alarm and say, "Simon, it's over, come
to bed."  And that's it.  It's not what
you and I agreed on now.  I agreed.
This house is [ __ ], I'm leaving.  That
's a deal between you and me.  Yes, Silvia,
okay.  And I tell you exceptionally that it
could be different today because I'm giving you
150 bucks for you.  Exceptions.  You
made a contract and you made a
promise and look what it's worth, so you pay back
the money and that's it, man.  Give me the phone
and I can return it.  Well, okay, Silvia,
well, she's going to give you your money back,
Silvia, and that's it, people.  I don't
agree, but whatever you want.  And the 50 I
've already spent at the casino, that
can't be returned.  Silvia,
all your wishes are perfectly compatible
with mine.  It's not true
that I don't let you rest.  Don't tell
lies, man.  I'm very sorry, but
I'm leaving now.  Don't go, man, it
's [ __ ] time.  If you're [ __ ]
yourself, go, but don't drag me,
man.  I'm not going to [ __ ].
Leave me alone.  Well, nothing,
give the money back.  Yes, very good.  But
I put 50 € extra for the casino that I was
spending.  I have no [ __ ] idea
how to do it.  It's very complicated and I don't
feel like it at all.  Give me a hand at
least.  In what?  In something that you have
managed and not.  You're killing it.
Passed.  If you want to destroy it, break it
yourself.  Very good.  I don't break it.
You break it.  I'm not going to let people down
by returning the money.  You're going to make
yourself look bad.  I don't want to look bad tomorrow,
man.  That goes the other way around.  You don't have to do
anything wrong tomorrow, I have
8 hours of sleep to spare.  Since
I've withdrawn the money from PayPal,
the last 164 entries have all been for a
bite.  You can return.
The next day, already in the limousine,
Simón told us that he had gotten
very angry with Silvia because of this
latest situation.  Last night Silvia got
angry, guys, and we gave the money back,
people.  We returned the money to everyone who donated papocatas
.  We returned it.
I got really mad and went to
bed really mad.  But it
's not for Silvia.  When she says,
"For me," she means for home, for
both of us, for there to be a phone, for us to
have a phone, for us to have
water, food, monster.  Tobacco,
Macedonians, that's not for Silvia, not
even €1 for Silvia. People, I don't spend anything,
not even a birthday present or anything.
When we say that it's so she can
save it, because otherwise I'll spend it.
Tonight I'm going to spend all 1000 on
not spending the 1000 and I owe money and he
spends his entire salary and on top of that he owes
money to everyone that they're going to kill him.
That's what just happened.  Besides, she's
going to be left alone in the hotel, she's going to
scratch everything.  And Simón is very
daring, he's made for the content and
the life of the show,
while Silvia is proposing a challenge that
consists of, which I would find very
interesting, right?  A challenge that
involves Simón's recovery and
physical transformation, meaning he'll join the
gym and live a good life.  Simón
wants to go to a neighborhood in Madrid, which
is apparently a very poor neighborhood where there
may be occasional
conflicts called La Cañada del Real.  And
Simon wants to stand there in the
middle of the night in exchange for €1000 and
shout "poor people."  Well, nobody donates to the
ravine, man.  They're rancid, people.
Better, better.  Ah, we have a hotel.
There's probably a gym.  Donate for the
gym.  Go, Simon fit.  Simon
recovery.  Simon recovery.  Simon
recovery.
So, guys,
the ravine plan is canceled for tomorrow.  If you want it
has to be tonight.  It's €1000 a
canyon, people.  I can drop it off for 900,
but the taxi costs me 200. Then
200 for me and 500 for Silvia.  9.
Long gone is that Simón who did not keep
his promises like that occasion,
just a year or two ago, in which he
promised great returns to his
followers in exchange for investing in his
CBD business, something that
really pissed people off because he promised
great returns, specifically
150% performance, something that did not go
well and was not fulfilled, since his business
ended up going bankrupt.  I can assure you,
right?  But we can more or less wait.   It
is coming out, this is the second and
third cycle that is going to come out and we
can already have a forecast.  So
instead of giving you a
300% return, we'll give you a 150% return,
and we think that's already a lot, and we can continue to
participate in the crop every
year.  Okay?  So where do we
think this is going?  From
what we're seeing, it's probably all
going to depend on the final sales prices
of each contract, right?  But
we think between 200 and 400,
okay?  That's pretty much where we're going to
be, okay?  So, between here, here, and
almost here, okay?  Who would have thought it, right?
DS Connection promising
returns that they then fail to
deliver, and so many times
they've jumped on the bandwagon of criticizing the
promises of others, paying attention, and
saying, "Hey, tell this guy that
this is all a scam, I don't know what."  He
becomes very arrogant, very narcissistic,
saying that he has more studies, that he
knows a lot perfectly, that ta ta ta.
Okay, so suddenly
these pyramid schemes start to collapse because they
collapse what you say.  There comes a
time when they don't reach enough people and
people can't collect what they were
promised they should, they
start complaining and it collapses.  The company
says, "Look, I'd better not pay anyone, I'll
keep what's left in the account and
goodbye. Very good."  But hey, there will
surely be more episodes of
these people to come.  It will all depend on you.
If you support this content, if you like it, like it
, share it, and all that
stuff.  Subscribe to the channel and I'll let you
know you're interested and bring you
another installment, family.  A
big kiss and goodbye.
[Music]